# The Bard's Tails - Awkward storyteller with an AI Twist
<i>A stormy night, a herd taking shelter inside a cave and recounting the stories they have heard. The only problem being- none of them actually remembers the true story. </i>

### Discord interactive bot simulating the popular roleplaying game Awkward Storyteller 
wherein the players are divided into storytellers and players. 

In our improvised version of The Awkward storyteller the bard a.k.a. storyteller is provided with a start snippet of a story randomly generated by the A.I. in the backend. The storyteller then has to continue the story using their improvising skills and to make his/her day difficult we have the herd. The herd can chime in at any point in the story and draw cards which will also be generated by our A.I. in backend. The storyteller is given an option to choose from 8 cards, which may contain a word, a letter or the option to invoke the AI for help.

<b>Words</b> - In case the herd picks a card, they have to ask the wise bard a question and give the bard the word. The bard now has to answer the question asked by including the word on the card chosen by the herd.

<b>Letters</b> - Just like the word cards, the herd will ask a question and the bard now has to answer by starting the answer with the chosen letter.

<b>Invoke A.I.</b> The herd may use a bit of parchment they have found to add to the story(Invoke AI). However the parchement seems washed up and barely legible.

The bard is now types in the appropriate response to the question and continues the story till another herd interrupts.

### Commands:

!entercave / !leavecave - people entering and leaving the herd at their convenience. Once the bard starts however, they are too engaged to leave in the middle.

!bardmeup(gives player storyteller role if there's no storyteller) - A particularly conceited person stands up declaring themselves a knowledgeable bard of lore and pipes up to take the lead. Staring the story till they all agree on from scratch .

!unbardme(removes a player from storyteller role) - The bard unable to recollect information for the nth time decides to sit back down and piece together some information in his brain allowing another one from the herd to prove their knowledge of the lore.

!Bombard - "why don't you tell the story if you know it so well eh?" The herd tell a random member declaring him the bard.

!me(ping for herds to invoke in middle  - with skepticism all around the room, someone from the herd put in a question, one more putting down than curious. Based on the question, the bard now needs to reframe their story to accomodate the new information. 

